Add zero state initialization to `lightning.gpu` (#933)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

### Improvements

> * Add zero state initialization to `lightning.gpu` C++ ctors to remove the `reset_state` in the python layer ctor and refactor `setBasisState(state, wires)` in the C++ layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add zero-state initialization to `lightning.gpu` C++ core to remove the `reset_state` in the python layer and refactor `setBasisState(state, wires)`.
```
